what I do now, Um, what I thought I was going to be doing in the Navy,
and what I do now, um, really isn't different. Um, I knew when I can't.
When I joined the Navy, it was gonna be a physical, uh, challenge
in the Navy. And I love being physical. I knew I was going to take
care of people. I my sailors, like, I take care of my family, so I
don't really think anything has is different from when I was a civilian.
Andi thinking about joining the Navy, It's all actually worked
itself out to where I have the best of both worlds. My civilian life
has kind of carried over into my, uh, navy life. Um, very active before
I joined the Navy. Physical gymnastics, cheerleading ran track,
and it has carried over, um, into the navy singing, um, I sing Sometimes
I sing the national anthem anthem at different events. So it
all has actually, uh, worked itself out. And I do everything that I
did in the civilian world, and I've actually incorporated it here in
the Navy